Release 20210330 (#905)
publiccodenet/about: activities/staff-information/index.md

---
type: Index
redirect_from:
    - ../staff-management/index.md
---

# Staff information

> Guides for all staff. Everything important for working for us should be here, except [specific information about our office building](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KJx7p1ep8MEYQ6YmQc4iJesLCRP8UmGAHL3PiZBs-GE/edit) (secret). Staff are also expected to follow [our code of conduct](../../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Author: ```suggestion
Guides for all staff. Everything important for working for us should be here, except [specific information about our office building](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KJx7p1ep8MEYQ6YmQc4iJesLCRP8UmGAHL3PiZBs-GE/edit) (secret). Staff are expected to follow:

 * [our code of conduct](../../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), which applies everyone involved in the Foundation for Public Code or its work in an any capacity
 * [our staff code of conduct](../../organization/staff-code-of-conduct.md), which has additional requirements that only apply to staff (for example, around receiving gifts and conflicts of interest)
```

## Working times, leave and holidays

When we expect you to be here and how to plan to be somewhere else.

* [Statutory holidays](../../organization/yearly-schedule.md)
* [How to request leave](leave.md)
* [How to report illness](sickness.md)
* [How to work remotely](remote-working.md)
* [Pregnancy, birth, and partner leave](parental-leave.md)

## Joining the Foundation for Public Code

Things you'll want to know when you start working here:

* [Staff basics](../../contributor-guides/for-staff.md) for your first week
* [GitHub training](../trainings/github-for-newcomers.md)
* [Writing an issue](../trainings/writing-issues.md)

## Travel and expenses

* [How to travel](travel.md)
* [How to request reimbursement for expenses](expense.md)

See also:

> * [Staff code of conduct](../../organization/staff-code-of-conduct.md)

Author: ```suggestion
```
